docs: add lakebase extensions guide (#5048)
neondatabase/website: content/guides/lakebase-vector-bm25-search.md

2. **Keyword (full-text) search:** To find documents based on exact keyword matches.

Historically, doing this in Postgres meant using `pgvector` with an HNSW index for vectors, and built-in full-text search with a GIN index for keywords. While functional, this approach hits scaling limits. HNSW indexes consume massive amounts of memory and build slowly. Meanwhile, GIN indexes lack native BM25 relevance scoring and must scan every single match before applying a `LIMIT` (no top-K pushdown), making keyword search sluggish on large tables.

Neon's new Lakebase Search extensions, `lakebase_vector` and `lakebase_text`, solve these problems by introducing two new index types. Here’s how they work together:

- **`lakebase_vector`**: A drop-in upgrade for `pgvector` that uses IVF (Inverted File) partitioning and [RaBitQ quantization](https://www.elastic.co/search-labs/blog/rabitq-explainer-101) to scale to over 1 billion vectors on a single index, with 50-100x faster index builds.
- **`lakebase_text`**: A BM25 full-text search index that seamlessly integrates with native Postgres `tsvector` types, providing true BM25 relevance scoring and rapid top-K pushdown.

> Because these indexes live in storage rather than being bound to compute memory, they survive Neon's [scale-to-zero](/docs/introduction/scale-to-zero) cold starts instantly and carry over effortlessly when you [branch your database](/docs/introduction/branching).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because these indexes live in storage rather than being bound to compute memory, they work with Neon's [scale-to-zero](/docs/introduction/scale-to-zero) compute and carry over when you [branch your database](/docs/introduction/branching).
```
